Welcome to the perfect zero to 10K
followers in 30 days plan. If you follow
this road map, you will see traction,
period. Now, I say perfect not because
this is a perfect strategy. No, there's
a million strategies out there. I don't
think my way is the only way. Perfect
comes from if we lived in a perfect
world with no distractions where I had
all the time in the world to pump out as
much content as possible and hit 10K
followers as fast as possible, this is
what I would do. This is like the
perfect case scenario broken down into
week by week action steps that you could
follow. As always, timestamps are below.
We're going to start with ground zero.
Now, there are likely two types of
creators watching this right now. The
first type is someone who has no idea
the type of content they want to create
yet. Maybe you don't know exactly what
you want to be known for or who your
audience is going to be. Maybe you're
leaning a little bit more lifestyle.
Like you just feel like posting anything
and everything about your life. The
second type is somebody who has a lot
more clarity. You already have an idea
of the type of content you want to make,
the platform you want to build, what you
want to be known for. Maybe you even
already have a specific niche in mind.
If you are the latter, congratulations.
You could go ahead, jump straight ahead
to week one. But if you're the former,
where you fit into the first type I
mentioned, you actually need to start
here at ground zero. Ground zero is
where you need to treat content creation
like going to a buffet instead of
performing like this perfect science or
baking a cake. Because when you don't
know the exact direction that you want
to grow, doing a 30-day challenge is not
going to get you anywhere. When you have
clarity on the end goal, it's like
you're running a marathon and you just
like stay on the racetrack. Yes, it's
hard, but you get to the end finish line
because you already know where you're
going to go. Without any training, like
it's just going to be exhausting,
probably unenjoyable, and you might just
be running in circles because you're not
tracking where you're going. So, that
means your starting strategy will look
different from someone else's who
already has a clear vision in mind, and
that's okay. So, what do I mean when I
say treat content creation like a
buffet? What you're going to do is you
are going to try out all the video ideas
that you want to create. And when I say
all, I mean all. It's like when you go
to a buffet, let's say you've never
eaten before ever in your entire life,
you're not going to know what you want
to put on your plate because you haven't
tried anything. You need to take a bite
a little bit of everything. Same thing
with content creation. If you've always
wanted to do like morning coffee videos,
try making a morning coffee video. If
you've always wanted to do a house reset
with me, do a house reset video. Cozy
creator content, day in the life, get
ready with me. Anything that you've
always wanted to do, try it, create it,
make it, post it. You have to try all
the things because as you try all of
those things, you will get so much
clarity on what type of content feels
true to you. And when you find those
pieces of content that feel true to you,
you get to like add it to your plate,
and that plate ends up being your
personal brand. So, ground zero means
for the next 30 days, you're actually
just going to post whatever the heck you
want with zero strategy. You're going to
get clarity by doing and not waiting.
The goal here at ground zero is not
about growth. The goal here is to help
you figure out exactly the type of
creator that you want to be known for.
The goal here is getting in your reps as
a content creator. When you're
practicing all these different types of
video styles and ideas, you will find
yourself becoming a better content
creator as a whole because you're
getting more experience. You're learning
more about yourself, the types of videos
you like, the type of videos you don't
like. I have always found that this is
the best way to get clarity on what your
personal brand is going to be. Just by
doing everything that you think you want
to do, and then you'll learn some of the
things that you thought you wanted to
do, you actually don't enjoy doing, but
that alone is clarity. Once you have
that clarity of like, okay, I really
like these style videos, I really want
to pursue this avenue, or I really
connected with this type of content,
that's when we could begin like a 30-day
growth sprint because you have a clear
direction and then the traction can
build from there. Now, jumping to week
one, your goal for week one is to start
taking messy action and start
identifying formats that are going to
get you the best early traction. Now,
when I say messy action, this doesn't
mean random, okay? We still want to have
a refined growth strategy, but first, if
you're starting from zero, we need to
set up our account first. So, on days
one and two, we're going to create an
account, set up our bio, profile photo,
etc. We're going to begin doing our
content research, being more strategic
with the videos that we're going to be
creating. Then days three through seven,
we're posting. And ideally, we're going
to start a signature series in this
first week. So, let's break down each of
these steps a little bit more. Starting
with the basics, setting up your
profile, it's going to be similar to
setting up your profile on any social
media platform, just a little bit
shorter, sweeter, and a little punchier.
Ideally, your profile photo is going to
match the niche or the type of content
that you are creating and want to be
known for. For example, I have my own
personal TikTok page. This is not a
strategic, let me grow it page, it's
just like a for funzies personal outlet
page. And that page, I found I really
love making coffee videos, so my profile
photo is me with coffee. It's as simple
as that. Then for your bio, you also
want to clearly communicate two things,
the value or content that you're posting
and who you are. For example, if I have
an account where I want to inspire or
help busy moms find a way to make
working out more approachable and doable
while from home while juggling mom life,
my bio could look something like this.
Approachable at-home workouts, if I
could work out with kids climbing me, so
can you. On TikTok, I believe you're
limited to about 160 characters, so your
bio has to be a little short and sweet.
So, I kept the value very quick,
approachable at-home workouts, but also
wanted to tie in a little bit about me
and myself because on TikTok, most of
the time people are like, "Okay, I want
some lifestyle vibes. I want people to
follow me for me and enjoy my everyday
life." So, that's why that second line,
it said, "If I could work out with kids
climbing me, so can you." It kind of
talks about my life and a little bit of
like some relatability. Like, "Hey, if I
can do this, so can you. I got kids,
too, but I work out. Woo!" So, it kind
of has a little bit of relatability.
Now, we're still in day one and two
setting up our profile. We want to do
some content research to figure out more
strategically the type of content that
we should be creating to get quicker
growth. So, we're going to do our
content research. I'm going to show you
how I like to do content research, how I
teach my students to do content
research. This has helped my students
have multiple viral videos, as you could
see. So, let's jump to the laptop and
we'll do this together. All right, this
is the free TikTok content calendar that
I have on my website. I'll link it down
below if you like what you're seeing,
you could use this, as well. I'm
scrolling to the bottom where we have
brain dump, cuz we're going to do our
content research in this brain dump.
We're just going to jot down all the
ideas that we come across. And let's go
to TikTok. You're going to do this on
your phone, and I'm going to in the
search bar type in a content pillar that
I have, or maybe like a type of video
that I want to create, or just an idea
of like, "Okay, I've seen other people
do this. Let me start to type it in
TikTok search and see what comes up."
So, for me, I'm going to do like at home
coffee because this would be for my
personal coffee account, and see what
TikTok suggests. So, it says at home
coffee recipes, shop bar syrup, espresso
ideas. So, some of these I resonate
with, some of these I don't. I like
recipes, I like syrups, I like setup, or
even like bar. Those are some things
that I have. So, what I could do is I
could write that down first. I'm just
going to be like, "Okay, my idea is
at home coffee recipes." Just jotting
that down so I remember it. We're
choosing these from here because Tik Tok
is suggesting, "Hey, these are popular
searches. Maybe you should look this
search up." So, what we're just going to
look up recipes. Then, what we're going
to look at is the top performers. You're
going to want to do this on your phone
for one main reason, because you can
filter the search results. So, we want
to figure out what is currently working
on Tik Tok. Like, if you want to grow as
quickly as possible, you need to know
what's currently working. Some of the
results that you'll see, they're from a
year ago or 2 years ago, 6 months ago.
And what we want to do is adjust our
search parameters, our filter, to look
at videos from the past 30 days. You
could even do past 3 months if you're
not seeing like anything that's like
super viral in the past 30 days or that
resonates with you. So, we're going to
adjust our search parameters to look at
more recent videos. And then, the second
thing that you're going to do is you're
not going to just skim them and be like,
"Oh, yeah, this this video. I like this
one. Oh, yeah, this one went viral. Let
me copy that." No, no, no, no. Some of
them went viral because those creators
already had millions of followers. So,
if you click on the video, and then you
go to that creator's account, you could
kind of see the views follower ratio.
So, let's say you see a video that has
like 100,000 views and you're like, "Oh
my gosh, that video blew up. 100,000
views, that's amazing." But, when you
click on the creator's profile, they
have 500,000 followers. That's not like
a viral video for that creator. It
performed well probably because they
already had the followers to get that
range. So, what we're looking for are
videos that have a higher view count
than the creator's following. So, if a
creator had, let's say, 25,000
followers, but their video blew up and
had 100,000 views, that's a video that
you want to pay attention to because it
helped a smaller creator. Not saying
25,000 is a small creator, but you kind
of get the gist of what I'm saying. So,
any video that you see has a viral views
to follower ratio, those are the ones
that we want to pay attention to, study,
maybe write down for ourselves, and
create when we start and create batch
film. So, I don't have the search
filters set on my laptop, but I just
want to show you how to do this together
using the content calendar. So, we're
just going to open this. This has 36,000
views, and the creator has 12,000
followers. So, that's a really great
ratio. The views or the likes were
actually double their reach and then
some or even like triple their reach.
So, I'm going to click on this video.
And I just want to look at those first
few seconds because usually it's that
hook, you know, we hear that all the
time. What hook stopped the scroll? How
do you capture somebody's attention by
using a hook? So, it looks like those
first few seconds is a close-up of the
iced latte. I'm looking at the pop-up
text, and I'm paying attention to what
audio is being used. So, that's kind of
like that hook layering strategy I talk
about in my videos is what is the viewer
seeing that's going to stop their
attention? What are they hearing that's
going to stop their attention? And also,
what are they reading that will capture
attention. The visual is iced latte. The
audio is music, might be a trending
audio, and then the text is shaken brown
sugar pumpkin spice latte. Great keyword
plugging. So, I'm going to write all
this information down to my content
calendar. We have shaken brown sugar
pumpkin spice latte.
Shaken brown sugar
Also, the emojis are important to note.
So, we got pumpkin stars
or sparkles, I think that's what it is.
The visual hook, what somebody is
seeing, is the final visual of iced
latte. Noticed the creator started with
the final shot. So, this is like, "Hey,
this is what we're going to create by
the end of watching this." So, it's
actually the final clip of what they
filmed that day. And then audio, maybe
it's a trending audio. You can even link
videos. So, I'm just going to link this
video so I can reference it later.
Perfect. And you're just going to keep
doing this brain dump with all the
different ideas you have. So, if I did
at home coffee, I could also do like get
ready with me. See what search terms pop
up, what I could write down, what
creators are using for their hook
layering. And then ideally at some point
during this content research, you pick a
signature series that you will start.
So, maybe my at home coffee recipe,
maybe I'm noticing a trend. It's like,
okay, we are literally right in the
holiday season. We're right at the very
beginning peak holiday season. So, maybe
I'm going to start a signature series
where I am trying pumpkin spice lattes.
So, different recipes, maybe my
signature series is finding the perfect
pumpkin spice latte home recipe. So,
that's going to be my signature series,
and that's something that I'm going to
really pay attention to because a lot of
people the follows come from following
along a journey of some sort. You could
even do like follow along with me while
I do a 30-day TikTok series trying to
grow this page. You could do day one of
trying X recipes, day one of trying to
redo my closet being a newly postpartum
mom. You know, so find something that's
very specific to you and turn it into a
series. And at the end of each series
video, you're going to say follow along
for day two or follow along for the next
video where I'm going to try blah blah
blah blah blah. So, signature series are
a great way to get people to follow you.
It's not just like a viral thing. It's
somebody gets to see this aspect of your
journey, and because they saw one day of
your journey, they're like more inclined
to want to continue to watch the journey
with you. Now, right here on this
content calendar, I have my video ideas
separated into content pillars. So, if
you are operating in content pillars,
basically subtopics of a niche. For
example, if I was in fitness niche,
which fitness alone is not a niche. It's
just a category. My topics could be at
home workouts, nutrition, protein I get
in a day, favorite gym clothes or
athleisure wear. You know, so those are
like the subtopics. You could operate in
content pillars for sure. Niche down is
a great strategy for growing quickly. If
you don't resonate with the niche down
content pillar, you can actually change
the view here, property visibility.
Instead of focusing on content pillars,
you could instead focus on value
pillars. These are instead you focus on
the value that each video is going to
provide. So it could be a relatable
video, an inspirational video,
entertaining or educational. You could
focus on creating videos that way. If
that's something that confuses you,
you're not resonating with it. Again,
you could switch your approach and focus
on video pillars. Video pillars are
going to be the different styles of
videos that you can try and keep
rotating throughout. So it's not like
you're staying to one topic. You could
talk about any topic, but you're going
to be talking to the camera. Maybe this
is like face-to-face. You have like a
pre-outlined thing or maybe it's just
random thoughts. You're on a walk and
you're like, "Hey, I want to talk to the
camera." So you're talking to the
camera. There's a face-to-face
connection. Second type is a voice-over.
This is just maybe you have clips of you
doing things throughout the day and then
you add your voice-over, storytelling,
talking to the camera that way. You
could also do B-roll with trending music
over the B-roll. People use this
strategy for like that 7-second video.
Just get a clip of you doing something
and add a trending audio. You know,
that's strategy. You could do
lip-syncing or even photos and carousels
perform really well on TikTok. So you
could instead on video pillars as
opposed to topics. Now let's talk
posting frequency because you did your
content research for those first two
days. Day three, you're going to start
posting. And we are going to consider
these next 30 days our sprint phase.
What we do within this time frame is not
something we're going to continue
long-term. We're shooting for like a 90%
growth strategy here. And then after the
30 days, then we dial it back and shift
more into like that slower marathon pace
while creating nurture content, which
I'll talk about at the end of this
video. So, how often are we going to
post for this 30-day challenge?
Remember, this is the perfect world
scenario, and in a perfect world, the
more you post, the more you grow. So,
we're going to shoot for posting three
to five times a day. And remember, we're
rotating between so many different video
types and video lengths. Some can even
be photos. Some can just be b-roll. One
can be like a random thought that you
had while you were on the toilet. These
are not like perfect posts. They're
intentional because we did our content
research, and we know topic ideas and
hook texts, so we have some ideas and
strategies there. Maybe one video is
like a strategic video for that day, and
then the rest are not. This is what
makes it like that messy action because
we're not trying to get every video
perfect. Maybe you could get some videos
perfect or try to, but we're just like,
"Okay, we did it. We recorded. We had an
idea. We took action on it. We're
posting it." This is probably going to
be the hardest thing for my
perfectionists out there, but remember,
this phase, quantity will lead to
quality. And you need to just like hit
that publish button before you start
overthinking it. Now, if after hearing
that you're still freaking out like, "Oh
my gosh, how do I go from posting zero
times a day to three to five times a
day?" You have two options to help you
get started so you don't have to film a
bunch. The first option is to go through
your current phone's camera roll. You
have plenty of content in there. See
what sort of videos that you have to
start creating. What photos do you have
that you could put in a carousel or as
their own posts? Literally, just like go
through your camera roll. You're like,
"Okay, select video. Cool." And just
like make sure all of them are selected.
I can do this one. I can do this one.
Then add to a separate like 30-day
TikTok Sprint album. And whenever you
feel like, "Okay, I'm running out of
ideas," pull something from there and
post it to TikTok. Now, your second
option is to utilize stock footage. And
I don't mean the ad-style
corporate-looking videos, I mean finding
a stock media subscription service where
you can find unlimited high-quality
stock videos that feel like something
you would actually create. And this is
going to enhance your videos and
streamline some of your workflow during
this sprint. So, where can you download
said B-roll? Personally, I use
Storyblocks. They have been my go-to for
B-roll since 2021, literally. All the
B-roll that you see in this video has
been from Storyblocks, and they're also
the sponsor of this video. If you don't
already know, Storyblocks has unlimited
downloads of diverse, high-quality media
for one predictable subscription cost.
You can choose either a monthly or an
annual plan with no hidden or extra fees
to basically unlock an unlimited source
of content that gives you the freedom to
test, experiment, and create more
effective videos. Especially if you're
doing this 30-day roadmap, it's going to
be so helpful to have extra footage in
your back pocket so that you're not
getting burnt out. What I love about
Storyblocks is that their stock library
is frequently refreshed with
commissioned content based on the latest
trends and what members are searching
for to ensure that you'll have curated
fresh content to keep your videos
relevant that day. Of course, anything
you download with Storyblocks is going
to be 100% royalty-free. It's
pre-licensed and ready for you to use.
That way you can focus on doing what you
love, creating, without having to worry
about double-checking like the legal
rights on a clip that you found and want
to use. I'm somebody that truly believes
B-roll can elevate your content to that
next level. So, if you'd like to get
access to an unlimited source of
content, definitely check out
Storyblocks. You can get two extra
months free when you sign up for an
annual plan. So, go to
storyblocks.com/modernmillie
to take advantage of this limited-time
offer, or you can use the link in the
description. Moving on to week two, your
goal for week two is going to be
refining your strategy and community
building. On day eight, you're going to
look at video analytics from the past
seven days. And if you've been posting
three to five times a day, that's
anywhere from 21 to 35 posts. This is
probably one of the reasons why creators
who post more grow more because within
such a short amount of time, we got so
much information. If you have 21 to 35
posts where you can look at analytics,
that's going to be so powerful compared
to somebody who may you over the past
seven days you only post three posts,
which is fine if that's realistically
what you can do right now, but you only
have three posts to look at analytics.
Whereas if you're doing a sprint, you
have so much information to pull from.
And from that information, you can
refine your strategy for the upcoming
week of content. Now, for this next
week, we are still continuing to do the
three to five posts a day strategy. We
want at least half of those posts for
this upcoming week to be you trying to
perfect or improve upon last week's
content. So, you looked at your
analytics, you're like, "Oh, this video
performed well. Let me see if I can
tweak it." Or you're like, "This video
didn't perform well, but I really liked
it. Let me see if I can tweak it." So,
half of your content for this upcoming
week is going to be improving on last
week's content. And then the other half
is going to be continuing to test new
styles or formats that you haven't
gotten to yet. You don't need to like
perfect anything. Remember, we want to
just like keep taking action because the
creators who grow, they're not waiting
until it's perfect. They're the ones who
are willing to post messy, learn in
public, and improve as they go. For this
week, week two, you're making sure
you're going to continue your signature
series and make sure to turn it into a
playlist on your profile so that series
is easily findable when somebody lands
on your page. Now, some new things we're
going to add into our outline this week
is you're going to try to add some sort
of call to actions into your videos if
you haven't already. So, for your
signature series, you're going to say
like, "Follow along for blah blah blah."
Or comment below your recommendation for
a blah blah blah. Tag a friend who you
want to go to HomeGoods with this fall.
You know, like you're adding those call
to actions now and being a little bit
more intentional with those for this
upcoming week. And the other thing that
you're going to do is you're going to
add engagement every day. Ideally 10 to
15 minutes every day where you're
replying to every comment that somebody
leaves on your videos and you're
commenting back onto their content as
well. This is how you really build a
community is showing some love back to
the people who are showing you love. Now
real quick, if you have learned
something new so far, be sure to give
this video a thumbs up. It's going to
tell the algorithm that there are other
people like you who will like this video
and help YouTube's algorithm kind of
push it and find those people. And if
you learn two new things by the end of
this video, I'd like for you to consider
subscribing because it's a free way to
support my business. I love creating
content like this, educating you on the
best ways to grow and be a full-time
content creator. So subscribe if you
like videos teaching you those sorts of
things. I post videos weekly here on my
channel. Now we're jumping into week
three. This week we are focusing on
building our brand consistency. At this
point, you have been posting three to
five times a day. You have call to
actions on your videos. You're replying
to comments and commenting on other
people's content. So the first thing
you're going to do going into week three
is again look at your analytics from the
past 14 days now. And you want to try to
hone in on one to two video formats that
predictably perform well for you. This
is going to help increase your brand
consistency and recognition, brand
consistency. To help you not get burnt
out this week, something you can try is
to re-upload flops in hopes that they
become better hits. And now I'm not
saying like just completely repost the
video that sucked. There's a reason it
flopped in the first place. But any
video that didn't perform well you where
you were like, "Oh, I felt like that had
potential." You're going to just
reimagine it, repackage it, give it a
little bit of a facelift. So So, maybe
it's changing the hook, changing that
first cover text. Maybe it's trimming
the video down so it's a little bit more
fast-paced. Maybe it's adding a trending
audio if you didn't have an audio. Now,
some of the content you'll post this
week is just repackaging videos that you
already posted in the past. I do this a
lot with my coffee videos because when I
record my videos where I'm making my
morning coffee, I have like 10 minutes
of footage in there. That 10 minutes of
footage, I can turn into five to 10
different videos because I can tell
different stories with it. I could do a
make my morning coffee with me, right?
Maybe that's the original video I
thought. Or if in those 10 minutes, I
spilled the beans or I spilled my milk,
I could turn it into like a five-second
this is why I can't have nice things
joking haha hehe hoho video. Or maybe
it's just like the stirring of the
coffee, could turn that into a
five-second clip with like an aesthetic
fall song in the background. Just try to
reimagine the content that you already
have. How could you repackage it? Some
new things that you could try this week
is replying to comments with video
replies. This is going to make your
community feel even more connected and
increase engagement for you. You could
even start a second signature series.
So, if that first series is just kind of
like you're not feeling it anymore, you
still want to continue it, but maybe you
got another idea for like a better
series idea. This would be a good time
to start a second series. And at this
point, you want to start picking a
consistent text font, coloring, intro
lines, any sort of consistency you can
create with branding, cover images.
Really start honing in on what those
things are because again, it's going to
make your brand even more instantly
recognizable. If you were to start a
signature series right now on your
TikTok, I'm curious what that signature
series would be. Let me know down in the
comments below and I'll try to give
feedback to you on like how you could
package it or really make it like
hook-worthy. All right, we are in week
four. This is like our final push. We're
still posting three to five times a day.
Some are part of your series. Some could
be as simple as like replying to a
comment with a video. Your branding has
become much more consistent now. So,
we're going to do our final push of the
sprint. This week, we really want to
identify what your core community
flywheel is. This is basically a
self-reinforcing
loop where you figure out which core
pieces of content spark engagement. When
you find those pieces that spark
engagement, that engagement is going to
build a connection with somebody, which
will drive that person to follow or
share your video, which will lead to new
followers who will then spark engagement
on that same content, and it just
continues that loop. I know it's so easy
to focus on the number of views, but
that's not what we're focusing on here.
We want to focus on a more important
factor, which is going to be follows.
So, in your analytics, you want to make
sure you are looking at your metrics
based off of which videos are getting
you follows as opposed to views. For
example, right here, you can see that
these top videos are getting me the most
views, but when I switch to which videos
are getting me followers, it looks
completely different. And again, if your
goal is like the rapid growth of, "Okay,
how can I grow in 30 days?" You want to
focus on those pieces that are getting
you followers, and if they didn't go
viral, those are the ones you want to
re-package and continue to fine-tune
until it finally sparks. When you
identify what your community flywheel is
going to be, just know that this is
going to change. When you've identified
one, milk the most out of it while you
can, because social media changes so
often. What works now for you might work
for a month, two months, maybe even
three months, but it won't work forever.
So, once you have that wheel identified,
lean into it, lean into it, lean into
it. When you see the wave is starting to
go to a new format that you're creating,
lean into that. So, constantly make
these shifts with your audience. This
week during your final push is probably
where you're going to get the most
amount of followers because again, we've
just been fine-tuning everything up to
this point. So, this week might be the
week where things break through. I hope
you haven't given up at this point cuz
usually that first week, second week,
it's not magic, you know, it's not like,
"Ooh, poof, I just went viral overnight
in the first week." You've got to put in
the work over these few weeks and this
final week is the one that really does
it. And this week, if you still are not
seeing any traction, something that you
could consider is implementing any sort
of like controversial or shock factor
content. I know for me, anytime I talk
about how much money I make as a content
creator, people go crazy over it not
because it's like, "Ooh, wow, money."
But because I also get so many haters
who hate the fact that I make money
through social media. And so, think of
those controversial things in your
industry or opinions that you could
share that would spark potential
conflict in the comment section. If hate
online is something that intimidates you
or you don't want to deal with, don't do
this because it attracts both sides of
your audience. The people who will 100%
connect with you and the people who
won't connect with you at all. So, just
be cautious going into that and I do
notice like the most controversial takes
that I share are ones that go the most
viral. Another method you can try this
week is adding some sort of
collaboration into your content. So, you
could do what other viral creators do,
stitches on other creators' videos. Like
if there was a viral coffee syrup
recipe, I could stitch it. It starts
with the recipe because that hooked
people. It starts with the creator's
first 3 seconds then it cuts to me and
I'm like, "Is this really the best viral
pumpkin spice syrup recipe? Let's test
it out." You know, I could do my own
take there. So, doing collaboration is
another good way to get a spike in
views. At this point, it is day 30. You
are viral, baby. You got 10,000
followers. We're loving it. But after
your 30 days are complete,
unfortunately, you still can't stop
posting. You're a content creator.
Content creators still post. I'm not
saying you have to do the same three to
five posts every day, but after your 30
days, we want to gradually slow down as
opposed to stopping abruptly cuz then
your audience is going to be like, "Oh
my gosh, what the heck? Where did you
go? You ghosted me." And then they're
going to be so sad. So, we talked about
the 30 days as your sprint where 90% of
that is your growth content. You're
being strategic, you're fine-tuning,
you're tweaking, you're being very
analytical, or trying to fine-tune your
stuff. But just like any athlete who
just did a sprint, you're going to need
to take a cool down, a stretch before
you go lay down on the couch and nap.
So, after 30 days, we're going to shift
the focus to be 70% nurture content
instead. This could be more casual,
storytelling, behind-the-scenes videos,
Q&A's, mindless, no strategy. It doesn't
have to have any strategy. You could
continue your series if you're not
feeling too burnt out. Ideally, you
could pick that up whenever, but you're
just kind of taking a breather. So,
technically, we're at week five. Week
five, instead of posting three to five
times a day, we're going to post twice a
day. If twice a day still feels like way
too much, especially after a big sprint,
just do one post and maybe one live
where you're just like 30 minutes, you
go live, and you talk to your audience.
Week six, you're going to post once a
day. And if that feels way better, you
can continue that consistency. If you're
like, "I still need more rest," week
seven, choose a consistency that works
for you. That could be three to five
times a week. So, maybe Monday,
Wednesday, Friday, right? We're just
readjusting and kind of recalibrating
the algorithm to find the new groove
with us. We're going to find a frequency
that works with our actual day-to-day
lifestyle, not a sprint, our actual
day-to-day routine that's not going to
burn us out, something that you could
stick to for the next year. You can
absolutely still post growth engine
content or like your core community
flywheel content. It just doesn't have
to be as much. Now, if you're somebody
who has always been curious about what
the TikTok algorithm is or how the
TikTok algorithm thinks so that you
could work with it instead of against
it, you feel like you could break
through that 200-view jail, then
definitely watch this video next because
this is where I deep dive into how the
algorithm works and how you could apply
it to your content as a content creator.
Remember, if you learned two new things
at any point during this video, consider
subscribing to my channel and thank you
so much for watching. I will see you in
the next one. Bye.